hello again youtube this is jordan
coming back to you with a review of
software that changes your start orb as
you can see i have mine with a mario
theme my start orb is a red mushroom
that changes to a green mushroom when
you hover and click so yeah it's pretty
nice us I think it's pretty nice but um
let's go into the program the Windows 7
Start button changer now you can this is
a pretty nifty program it doesn't create
the the start button for you as another
program does that we will review later
at a later date but this one does change
it for you goes in to the settings and
it goes into the registry and it changes
all the settings for you so all you do
is you select you click select and
change start button come down here and
you find wherever you put the start
buttons that you get you get 10 sample
start buttons and wherever your custom
start buttons you choose and you come in
and you click one you click open and it
will change it for you so let's do that
again k coming in here to find it
let's use that one click open and it
will change it for you and restart it
and then you can click in a restore your
original it'll restore the original
backup file and that's how you do that
and that is pretty much it you can get
it from this website right here the
windows club com / windows seven dash
start dash button does change or dash
released and they'll have a download
link that will post that in the
description below and you guys can have
fun with this you can go to Windows you
can go to seven forums and you can get a
lot of start buttons and a lot of tips
and things of customization
customization and and different things
to do with windows and this is my review
and I hope you guys liked it give and
give me some feedback and some requests
on what you guys would like reviewed and
thanks for watching